right i'm going to show you the new
version of xbox live windows phone mango
so by default it's normally pinned to
start if it's not pressed all right and
you've got a big list you can either
scroll up and down press the letter and
entering the relevant letter and it will
take you there so sex what's live then
you go so instead of the kind of dark
green quite ugly list you had before you
know but a white list so it's not a lot
different you've got games there you've
got your list here that aren't Xbox Live
enhanced you've got your avatar so
you've got your gold their game a score
I've got you go to your profile see all
of your stuff their achievement so you
can see how are you doing in games and
you can actually compare that with
friends so if you want to if you look at
your friends you can then see what their
schools are versus your school
and you've got the avatar which takes
you to the Xbox Live extras up which
means you can adjust how you look now
you can press on the screen and you get
a variety of animation it's a bit
pointless nice extra alright so if you
slide to the right you've got friends
you can see all your friends if you get
messages they'll appear there and you
can reply to them from the phone game
requests whether it's from a phone xbox
or whatever you can burst if you're
playing chess game and it's your go then
you'll find out about it there spotlight
has changed as well there's more
pictures this time the old one was kind
of a bit bit ugly so you can see all the
games are available click on them and
teach the market you've also got the
game of spotlight again just have a look
at now and that is the xbox live up